# Worthiest-Meal-Combination-Linear-Programming-Optimization-Project
Linear Programming Research Project 

When first-year students apply to live on UBC Vancouver campus, they are usually assigned to one of the three first-year residences: Totem Park, Orchard Commons, or Place Vanier. For these residences, students are required to buy the residence meal plan. After purchasing it, funds are loaded onto the UBCcard where students can use to pay for food at many locations on campus including the residence dining halls. There is one residence dining hall located in each of the first-year residences. According to UBC, the dining halls are consulted by registered dietitians, offering high nutritional support. With the residence meal plan, students can get a 25% discount when eating at any of the three residence dining halls. This makes them a relatively good option in comparison to other restaurants on campus.
Therefore, it is in the first-year students’ best interests to eat as often as possible at the residence dining halls as they are cheap and offer high nutrition value. However, deciding on what to eat can be tricky as the residence halls offer a huge variety of dishes. Despite the discount, it is not easy to order a meal with a reasonable price that meets the suggested nutrition requirement. Hence, the goal of this project is to build a model where given the available dishes’ costs and nutrients, it can determine the most nutritious meal combos while maintaining costs. For demonstration, we will create a simple model where one can calculate the worthiest options for three weekday dinners at the first-year student residence dining halls.
